1
Which one of the following is NOT a characteristic of Serverless in AWS for lambdas?

Ans:- Choice of using containers or VMs for running serverless functions

2
What is an integration request in API Gateway?

Ans:- Helps in transforming the request sent by the client before calling the backend service

3
Which one of the following is NOT a component of Amplify?

Ans:- Amplify Toolkit

4
Which one of the following is a component of Amplify?

Ans:- Amplify CLI

5
Which one of the following is the default logging/monitoring service for Lambda functions?

Ans:- Amazon CloudWatch

6
Which one of the following is the method (REST) to be used when integrating API Gateway directly with DynamoDB:

Ans:- POST

7
Which one of the following is correct about the difference between Amazon CloudWatch and AWS X-Ray?

Ans:- X-Ray is a service for debugging and tracing applications, whereas CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data

8
You want to ingest data of your own applications to various AWS services. What is possible service you will prefer?

Ans:- Amazon EventBridge

9
Which one of the following is NOT a benefit of a serverless approach?

Ans:- Provide a capacity reservation through reserved instances of servers to run code

10
Which Serverless Application Integration service will you suggest to create a data ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) pipeline?

Ans:- AWS StepFunctions

11
Which AWS service will you prefer for Face Detection and Analysis?

Ans:- AWS Rekognition

12
You want to use an AWS service for a NoSQL database that provides high & consistent performance, has seamless scalability, and highly durable and available. What’s more, you need sub-second latency for responses. Which one of the following is a suitable solution in this scenario?

Ans:- DynamoDB

13
Which one of the following is a fast, flexible, fully managed pub/sub messaging service in AWS?

14
TRUE or FALSE: When building a serverless application, developers typically use an event-driven architecture.

Ans:- TRUE

15
Which one of the following is NOT a component of Amplify?

Ans:- Amplify Toolkit

16
When you create a state machine, you can select the workflow type of either Standard or Express. Which one of the following is NOT a correct option for the workflows?

Ans:- Express Workflows are never executed more than once unless you have specified Retry behavior

17
Which one of the following is the default logging/monitoring service for Lambda functions?

Ans:- Amazon CloudWatch

18
Which one of the following principles is key to apply for creating lambda functions in microservices architectural style?

Ans:- Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)

19
What does the AWS Storage Gateway provide?

Ans:- It provides seamless integration with data security features between your on-premises IT environment and the Amazon Web Services (AWS) storage infrastructure.

20
You want to ingest data of your own applications to various AWS services. What is possible service you will prefer?

Ans:- Amazon EventBridge

21
Which of the following AWS services helps you to build and update apps quickly into serverless workflows?

Ans:- Step functions

22
API Gateway mapping templates are written in which language?

Ans:- Velocity Template Language (VTL)

23
Which command is used to add API to your Amplify project?

Ans:- amplify add api


24
Which is NOT the property/characteristic of AWS Step Functions?

Ans:- Helps to publish, maintain, monitor, secure, and operate APIs at any scale

25
Which command is used to create a new Amplify project?

Ans:- amplify init

26
To ensure optimal performance and least latency for a gaming application which service would you suggest as a gaming app architect?

Ans:-Amazon ElastiCache

27
What does the “aws cloudformation package” CLI command do?

Ans:- Helps is uploading the Lambda function’s source code to an S3 bucket, which are referenced in the lambda configuration file

28
Which one of the following is a component of Amplify?

Ans:- Amplify CLI

29
Which one of the following is the default logging/monitoring service for Lambda functions?

Ans:- Amazon CloudWatch

30
Which command lets you create new AWS IAM user in cloud?

Ans:- aws configure

31
Which of the following is FALSE about AWS Step Functions

Ans:- Enables the capability to run a specific lambda function more than the configured timeout

32
Which AWS service is appropriate to create GraphQL APIs?

Ans:- AWS AppSync

33
When you create a state machine, you can select the workflow type of either Standard or Express. Which one of the following is NOT a correct option for the workflows?

Ans:- Express Workflows are never executed more than once unless you have specified Retry behavior

34
TRUE or FALSE: GraphQL APIs can be developed by using Amplify

Ans:- TRUE

35
Is developing chatbot an appropriate use case for serverless approach?

Ans:- YES

36
Which one of the following is a component of Amplify?

Ans:- Amplify CLI

37
Which AWS service will you prefer for Face Detection and Analysis?

Ans:- AWS Rekognition

38
Which one of the following is a fast, flexible, fully managed pub/sub messaging service in AWS?

Ans:- Amazon SNS

39
Which command is used to create a new Amplify project?

Ans:- amplify init

